Update configuration.md for clarity and corrections (#2897)
Azure/ARO-HCP: docs/configuration.md

# Configuration Management
The ARO Tools Documentation explains in greater detail about how the config templates are used. https://github.com/Azure/ARO-Tools/blob/main/pkg/config/README.md 

> It's important to note that these confirugation files are **Go Templates** and won't render as YAML locally, this can be confusing with the .yaml file extensions, but is a very important as any misplaced linting would not catch the difference. To render thesee files uer the aro-tools library. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's important to note that these confiugation files are **Go Templates** and won't render as YAML locally, this can be confusing with the .yaml file extensions, but is a very important as any misplaced linting would not catch the difference. To render these files use the ARO-Tools library. 
```

> ## Purpose of configuration management strategy

Author: ```suggestion
## Purpose of Configuration Management Strategy
```

Managing configuration effectively is crucial for ensuring that deployments remain consistent and adaptable to various environments. Configuration data for every aspect of ARO HCP is stored in a configuration file and used for infrastructure and service deployments alike.

Nested YAML structures, override layers, and region-agnostic templating of config values allow sharing common configuration elements across environments and regions. These mechanisms provide the flexibility to adapt settings for a specific cloud, environment, or region when necessary. The configuration structure is enforced by a schema, ensuring the correctness of the configuration while allowing for elaborate override scenarios.

## Nested YAML Structure

> Once the temaplates are rendered ARO HCP configuration data is stored in YAML format, allowing for a structured representation of settings. The configuration supports nested structures, enabling hierarchical organization of properties and logical grouping of related settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the templates are rendered, ARO HCP configuration is available in YAML format, allowing for a structured representation of settings. The configuration supports nested structures, enabling hierarchical organization of properties and logical grouping of related settings.
```
